[Docs]: Readme file Enhancements and add Contributing guide (#484)
tscircuit/tscircuit: README.md

·
<a href="https://docs.tscircuit.com" target="_blank">Docs</a>
·
<a href="https://blog.tscircuit.com/" target="_blank">Articles</a>
·
<a href="https://tscircuit.com/playground" target="_blank">Online Playground</a>
·
<a href="https://docs.tscircuit.com/quickstart" target="_blank">Quick Start</a>
·
<a href="https://github.com/tscircuit/tscircuit/issues" target="_blank">Issues</a>
·
<a href="https://x.com/tscircuit" target="_blank">Twitter</a>

</div>
<br/>

<div style="display: flex; gap: 10px">
  <a target="_blank" href="https://tscircuit.com/join"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-tscircuit.com/join-%235865F2" alt="Join TSCircuit on Discord"></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/tscircuit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/tscircuit" alt="NPM Version"></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/tscircuit/tscircuit/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tscircuit/tscircuit" alt="GitHub Stars"></a>
</div>

</div>

## Meet Founder of TSCircuit - Seve! 👋⚡

https://github.com/tscircuit/tscircuit/assets/1910070/63610730-41e6-4a00-9748-e4c3691e5ca9

## Table of Contents 🧾

> 1. [About TSCircuit](#about-tscircuit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [About tscircuit](#about-tscircuit)
```

## Table of Contents 🧾

1. [About tscircuit](#about-tscircuit)
2. [Examples](#example-circuits)
3. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
4. [Features](#more-features)
5. [Community Support](#community-support)
6. [Want to contribute to tscircuit?](#want-to-contribute-to-tscircuit)
7. [FAQs](#faq)
8. [Development Sub-Projects / Organization](#development-sub-projects--organization)
9. [Other Links](#other-links)

---

## About tscircuit

`tscircuit` is a library complemented by a registry, package manager, command line tool and AI electronic design suite that makes it easy to create, share, export and manufacture electronic circuits. It uses
[React Fiber](https://docs.pmnd.rs/react-three-fiber/getting-started/introduction) to render circuits into web pages.

Think of tscircuit as "React for Electronics" It allows you to design real-world electronic circuits using Typescript and React. This is what tscircuit code looks like, instead of creating web element like “div”, you create circuit elements like “chip”, “resistor” or “capacitor”, then instead of rendering a website, we render a 3d circuit (that you can actually order!) 🚀

> With tscircuit, we've even designed a <a target="_blank" href="https://blog.tscircuit.com/p/battling-jlcs-assembly-interface" target="_blank">fully functional keyboard!</a> The best part? Once you've completed your design, you can export it to a manufacturer and bring your circuit to life in the real world!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using tscircuit, you can design things like a <a target="_blank" href="https://blog.tscircuit.com/p/battling-jlcs-assembly-interface" target="_blank">fully functional keyboard!</a> Once you've completed your design, you can export it to a manufacturer and order a real, functional circuit board!
```

> # Welcome to ⏣ TSCircuit 💙⚡

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# tscircuit - React for Circuits
```

·
<a href="https://github.com/tscircuit/tscircuit/issues" target="_blank">Issues</a>
·
<a href="https://x.com/tscircuit" target="_blank">Twitter</a>

</div>
<br/>

<div style="display: flex; gap: 10px">
  <a target="_blank" href="https://tscircuit.com/join"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-tscircuit.com/join-%235865F2" alt="Join TSCircuit on Discord"></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/tscircuit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/tscircuit" alt="NPM Version"></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/tscircuit/tscircuit/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tscircuit/tscircuit" alt="GitHub Stars"></a>
</div>

</div>

## Meet Founder of TSCircuit - Seve! 👋⚡

https://github.com/tscircuit/tscircuit/assets/1910070/63610730-41e6-4a00-9748-e4c3691e5ca9

## Table of Contents 🧾

1. [About TSCircuit](#about-tscircuit)
2. [Examples](#example-circuits)
3. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
4. [Features](#more-features)
5. [FAQs](#faq)
6. [Development Sub-Projects / Organization](#development-sub-projects--organization)
7. [Other Links](#other-links)

---

> ## About TSCircuit 💙

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## About tscircuit
```

`tscircuit` is a library complemented by a registry, package manager, command line tool and AI electronic design suite that makes it easy to create, share, export and manufacture electronic circuits. It uses
[React Fiber](https://docs.pmnd.rs/react-three-fiber/getting-started/introduction) to render circuits into web pages.

> Think of tscircuit as "React for Electronics." It allows you to design real-world electronic circuits using Typescript and React. This is what tscircuit code looks like, instead of creating web element like “div”, you create circuit elements like “chip”, “resistor” or “capacitor”, then instead of rendering a website, we render a 3d circuit (that you can actually order!) 🚀

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Think of tscircuit as "React for Electronics" It allows you to design real-world electronic circuits using Typescript and React. This is what tscircuit code looks like, instead of creating web element like “div”, you create circuit elements like “chip”, “resistor” or “capacitor”, then instead of rendering a website, we render a 3d circuit (that you can actually order!) 🚀
```

> With tscircuit, we've even designed a <a target="_blank" href="https://blog.tscircuit.com/p/battling-jlcs-assembly-interface" target="_blank">fully functional keyboard!</a> The best part? Once you've completed your design, you can export it to a manufacturer and bring your circuit to life in the real world. How cool is that? 😎

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With tscircuit, we've even designed a <a target="_blank" href="https://blog.tscircuit.com/p/battling-jlcs-assembly-interface" target="_blank">fully functional keyboard!</a> The best part? Once you've completed your design, you can export it to a manufacturer and bring your circuit to life in the real world!
```

## Example Circuits

- [ESP32 Wifi Breakout Board](https://tscircuit.com/seveibar/wifi-test-board-1)

<!-- ## Community and Next Steps

## Getting Started

## Contact Us

## Developer Setup Guide

> ## Want to Contribute to TSCircuit? You Are Most Welcome

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Want to Contribute to tscircuit?
```

    <trace path={[".U1 > .D0", ".R1 > .left"]} />
    <trace path={[".R1 > .right", ".GND > .gnd"]} />
  </board>

> );

Reviewer 2: biome setting "semi: false"

```suggestion
)
```

- [x] Simplified, extensible auto-routing for schematics and PCBs
- [x] Generate footprints from text [using AI](https://text-to-footprint.tscircuit.com)

> ## Community Support
> 
> Have any queries? Want to reach out to the team? Have got feature ideas? Want to report any bugs? Want to discuss something? Want to attend meetings? Just want to give your feedback of using tscircuit or want to introduce yourself or want to be a part of our growing community? We got you - We primarily communicate on <a href="https://tscircuit.com/join" target="_blank">Discord Community Server</a>, of 100+ members currently, where you are a developer or not - all the primary communications happen here.
> 

Reviewer 2: idk if i see the point of this section

```suggestion
```

> ## Want to contribute to tscircuit?
> 
> Contributors are most welcome! We value your time and efforts in making tscircuit more awesome! ⚡💙 Please Check our <a href="https://github.com/tscircuit/snippets/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md" target="_blank">Contributing Guide</a> for your next contribution!

Reviewer 2: We can add something like this when we have a contribution guide, and the contribution guide we're going to be extremely picky about so best left to another PR

```suggestion
```

@tsci:registry=https://registry-api.tscircuit.com/npm
```

### 5. Can I use a different registry?

Yes! You can use the same trick and modify the `.npmrc` file for your project. You can run your own npm registry with [verdaccio](https://verdaccio.org/)

> ### 6. Why are some things upside down?

Reviewer 2: we can remove this question, nothing is flipped anymore

to a `<trace />`. Over time, we'll get good, fast auto-routing algorithms and also
ways to "bake & cache" a route over a longer time period.

### 10. Can I export into other tools for routing?

This isn't currently possible but a major current objective. If you're interested in writing a module that can convert [tscircuit soup JSON](https://docs.tscircuit.com/api-reference/advanced/soup)
into another editor's format, reach out on our [campfire](https://tscircuit.com/community/join-redirect)!!

### 11. I found a bug or have an idea for a feature, what should I do?

Please [create an issue](https://github.com/tscircuit/tscircuit/issues)!

### 11. How can I follow along?

- [@seveibar](https://x.com/seveibar) is the main author, he tweets about tscircuit and does [development livestreams](https://www.twitch.tv/seveibar)
- [@tscircuit](https://x.com/tscircuit) for major tscircuit releases, features and discussions
- [tscircuit discord](https://discord.gg/6X3PYhtj) and [tscircuit campfire](https://tscircuit.com/community/join-redirect)

### 12. Does this use AI?

No, but AI is pretty good at generating circuits! Try it with copilot!

> ### 13. What big features are coming?

Reviewer 2: why number these?

Author: I think having numbers along with the question helps with better readability in FAQs. 🤔

Reviewer 2: AFAIK they can be used for 3 things:

- Indicating a semantic order
- Referencing
- Frequency/Popularity

I think in this case none of these are applicable

| [kicad-mod-converter](https://github.com/tscircuit/kicad-mod-converter)      | Convert kicad_mod files to and from JSON                                                                 |
| [@tscircuit/kicad-viewer](https://github.com/tscircuit/kicad-viewer)         | View the KiCad official footprints online                                                                |

## Other Links

> - [Registry](https://tscircuit.com/trending) - The official tscircuit registry that hosts re-usable tscircuit components

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [tscircuit.com](https://tscircuit.com/) - The official tscircuit website, registry and playground
```

- [tscircuit.com](https://tscircuit.com) - The official tscircuit website
- [Registry](https://tscircuit.com/trending) - The official tscircuit registry that hosts re-usable tscircuit components

> - [discord](https://tscircuit.com/community/join-redirect)

Reviewer 2: let's keep the discord link
